[24]: add readme `testing` block (#26)
RonasIT/laravel-clerk: README.md

    }
}
```

## Testing

To test authenticated user requests guarded by `ClerkGuard`, use the `TokenMockTrait`:

> 1. set the Clerk configuration values for the test:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

1. Ensure clerk config is completely filled using `.env.testing` file or dinamically:
```

```php
Config::set('clerk', [
    'allowed_issuer' => 'issuer',
    'secret_key' => self::SECRET_KEY_PASS,
    'signer_key_path' => self::SIGNER_KEY_PATH,
]);
```

> 2. create a JWT token using the `createJWTToken` method, you may also pass custom claims to the token:

Reviewer: let's desribe custom claims feature as a separate point

```suggestion
2. Generate a JWT token using the `createJWTToken`:
```

```php
$clerkToken = $this
    ->createJWTToken(
        relatedTo: 'user_id',
        issuer: 'issuer',
        claims: ['email' => 'user@mail.com'],
    )
    ->toString();
```

> 3. attach generated token to the request’s `Authorization` header as a Bearer token.

Reviewer: let's also add example

```suggestion
3. Use generated token withing the `Authorization` header as a Bearer token.
```

    }
}
```

## Testing

> To test authenticated user requests guarded by `ClerkGuard`, use the `TokenMockTrait`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test authenticated user requests guarded by `ClerkGuard`, use the `TokenMockTrait`:

```

    }
}
```

## Testing

To test authenticated user requests guarded by `ClerkGuard`, use the `TokenMockTrait`:

1. Ensure clerk config is completely filled using `.env.testing` file or dynamically:

```php
Config::set('clerk', [
    'allowed_issuer' => 'issuer',
    'secret_key' => self::SECRET_KEY_PASS,

>     'signer_key_path' => self::SIGNER_KEY_PATH,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    'secret_key' => 'my_secret_key',
    'signer_key_path' => 'path/to/my/signer-key',
```

]);
```

2. Generate a JWT token using the `createJWTToken`:

```php
use RonasIT\Clerk\Traits\TokenMockTrait;

class UserRepositoryTest extends TestCase
{
    use TokenMockTrait;
    
    public function test()
    {
        $clerkToken = $this
            ->createJWTToken(
                relatedTo: 'user_id',
                issuer: 'issuer',
                claims: ['email' => 'user@mail.com'],
            )
            ->toString();
    }
}
```

> You may also pass custom claims to the token using `claims` parameter.

Reviewer: let's move it to the separate 3 point

3. Use generated token within the `Authorization` header as a Bearer token:

```php
public function test()
{
    $response = $this->json(
        method: 'put', 
        uri: '/profile', 
        data: $data, 
        headers: ['Authorization' => "Bearer {$clerkToken}"],
    );
}

> ```

Reviewer: let's union both point to one and write something like

```
Generate a JWT token and pass it to the `Authorization` header
```
